Fix `scale` recorded with `--use-existing-resolutions` option (#323)
glencoesoftware/bioformats2raw: README.md

If the minimum system requirements (see above) are not met, or the input data type is int8 or int32 (see https://github.com/glencoesoftware/bioformats2raw/pull/199),
then any value of `--downsample-type` other than the default is expected to throw an exception.

Converting an existing pyramid
------------------------------

Some input file formats will already contain pyramid resolutions. By default, all resolutions other than the largest will be ignored, and the pyramid will be recalculated.
To preserve the existing pyramid instead of recalculating, use the `--use-existing-resolutions` option.

If `--use-existing-resolutions` is specified for an image with no existing pyramid, then a pyramid will still be calculated according to the image dimensions.

Note that an existing pyramid may have a scaling factor other than 2, may have inconsistent scaling factors between different resolutions in the same pyramid,

> and may have a smallest resolution that is larger than expected. This can lead to sub-optimal performance when viewing, particularly when viewing data imported into OMERO.

Reviewer: This is an important sentence to note with `--use-existing-resolutions`, made a couple of suggestions on in aims to make it clearer.
```suggestion
Note that an existing pyramid may not be ideal for viewing. They may have a scaling factor other than 2, use different scaling factors at different resolution levels,
or stop at a lowest-resolution image that is still larger than expected. This can lead to sub-optimal viewing performance, especially for data imported into OMERO.
```

Author: Slightly modified version of this in 61fd082.
